What is a proramming language?
To communicate with a person, we need a specific language, similarly to communicate with computers, programmers also need a language which is called Programming language.

It is a set of instructions written in any specific language

A. Machine Language
Machine language is a type of low-level programming language.
It is a series of 0s and 1s.
Needs no translation.

B. Assembly Language
It is also a type of low-level programming language that is designed for specific processors.
It represents the set of instructions in a symbolic and human-understandable form.
It uses an assembler to convert the assembly language to machine language.

C. High level Language
It is a developer friendly language.
This programming language requires a compiler or interpreter to translate the program into machine language.

Some More Types:
A. Procedural Proramming Language
List of instructions to tell the computer, what to do step by step.
It divides a program into small procedures called routines or functions.
It is also called structured programming.
Examples are FORTRAN AND C.

B. Functional Programming Language
It is an approach to problem solving.
It treats every computation as a mathematical function.
It allows you to write a mathematical function, i.e. a function that takes n arguments and returns a value. If the program is executed, this function is logically evaluated as needed.
Examples are Python, Haskel

C. Object Oriented Programming Language
Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) language is based upon the objects.
In this language, programs are divided into small parts called objects.
It uses an object-oriented programming technique that binds related data and functions into an object and encourages reuse of these objects within the same and other programs.
Example is JAVA

D. Scripting Language
scripting language is a programming language that employs a high-level construct to interpret and execute one command at a time.
In general, scripting languages are easier to learn and faster to code in than more structured and compiled languages such as C and C++.

E. Statically Typed Language
Performs type checking at the time of compilation
Declaration of data type is compulsion

F. Dynamically Typed Language
Performs type checking at Run time.
No need to declare data types.

Memory Management
In Java, memory management is the process of allocation and de-allocation of objects, called Memory management. Java does memory management automatically. Java uses an automatic memory management system called a garbage collector.

Stack Memory vs Heap Memory:
Varaibles are stored in stack memory.
Objects are stored in Heaps.

What is a flowchart?
It is a diagram that represents a workflow or process.
It is nothing but a diagrammatic representation of an algorithm,
a step-by-step approach to solving a task.

What are components of a flowchart?
It shows the steps as boxes of various kinds,
and their order by connecting the boxes with arrows.

Some Important symbols (boxes) are:

1. Oval - It marks the Start/End of the flow.
2. Arrow - Connector which shows the flow of relationship between various symbols.
3. Parallelogram - It represents input and output.
4. Rectangle - It represents a process.
5. Diamond - It is used in decision formation.
